Project-objective
Please follow this project theme and objective to describe your project and theme

Team Name
eg:- NPS Team 1 , NPS Team 2

Theme:-
Mention one of the below
Productivity
Social Impact
Tech in science


Objective of the Project
How your project is relatvent to the theme and what does its usecase.

NPS Team 1

Theme: Social Impact
Problem Statement: Nowadays, it is commonplace to see children move away from home for work, education, etc. As this happens,
on a large scale, we see senior citizens, in their golden age, losing their sense of purpose and belonging.
It is far too common for one to see many grandmas and grandpas who grow bored and lonely,
especially as socialization and making new friends becomes increasingly harder with age.
To join social groups and activities one was interested in, one would have to know somebody already engaged in those activities,
or search online on haphazardly organised platforms (HARD for our non tech-savvy target audience!).
As a result, many elders missed out on joining groups that would appreciate their participation, just because they didn't know about it. 
Unfortunately, we are leaving those who contributed their whole lives to society to be forgotten.

Solution: Our app takes basic info (name, age, M or F, etc), and the interests of a person (eg. Singing, Pottery).
Then, using GPS, it captures an accurate location (which is set as "Home"),
and suggests and connects them to activities (registered on the app) which adhere to their interests! Users can create their own events,
suggest gatherings, drastically improving the network of community events they can engage with.
Our app isn't just limited to the senior age group: We truly believe that the creation and expansion of positive communities
will have a great impact on the general well being of many; especially those suffering with issues such as social anxiety.
By connecting people, we are creating an ecosystem of engagement, such that we help many rediscover their sense of purpose.
